[URI of the OWL(RDF/XML) output file]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ordi/CHEBI_imports.owl

[Source ontology]
CHEBI

[Low level source term URIs]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_27933 #beta-lactam antibiotic
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_23066 #cephalosporin
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_17334 #penicillin
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_9321 #Sulbactam
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_25105 #macrolide antibiotic
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_24396 #glycopeptide antibiotic
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_22507 #aminoglycoside antibiotic
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_23765 #quinolone
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_28177 #theophylline
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_2659 #Aminophylline
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_24261 #glucocorticoid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_46633 #carbapenems
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_77035 #expectorant
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_50857 #anti-allergic agent
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_48876 #muscarinic antagonist
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CHEBI_33281 #antimicrobial agent

[Top level source term URIs and target direct superclass URIs]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/BFO_0000040 #material entity

[Source term retrieval setting]
includeComputedIntermediates

[Source annotation URIs]
includeAllAnnotationProperties

[Source annotation URIs to be excluded]
